When a person makes a sacrifice, they give up something for something that they consider is of higher value.
What kind of a price tag can you put on your child's love for Jehovah?
What kind of a price tag can you put on serving Jehovah whole soul as a family?
When I found out that we were going to have a family, it was overwhelming for me.
When you come into the truth, we weren't witnesses when I was a child.
Sometimes you're exposed to things that leave you with baggage.
Leave you unsure of yourself.
You need constant reassurance that you're going to be okay.
You can take care of any situation that comes along.
My dad, he gave me all I needed.
He loved me so much.
I would take my mother's knitting yarn and tie it to his door handle after he went to sleep.
I would run it across the hall to my bedroom and tie it to my big toe so that when he opened his door in the morning, I would wake up.
I could be with him.
That love that I had for my dad, I wanted them to love Jehovah that much.
I wanted a string tied around their hearts right to Jehovah so that he was the one motivating them.
And he was the one waking them up spiritually every day.
I loved to teach the children things and I would do it at any available moment.
And then of course at night as a family, usually on our bed we would read our Bible together.
It was the glue that kept us tied to Jehovah and kept us tied to each other.
Judges 7, Gideon said, watch me and do what I do.
So I knew that if we wanted the children to live the truth, that we had to live it with them.
It couldn't be something that we just taught them.
We had to live our life of service to Jehovah with them.
Jesus said obviously we can't slave for two masters.
And I've tried to do that and believe me it does not work.
Like any father, I wanted to have a home for my family.
My profession was building houses, but that cost me my pioneering.
And so I decided I had to equip building houses.
And so I did.
I started to do remodeled jobs and we looked for a place that we could afford that would sustain us in the full-time service.
And Jehovah provided exactly what we needed.
One of the highlights of raising the children was the annual visits to unassigned territory.
The success in the ministry was phenomenal.
So we decided as a family to take on the challenge of learning Spanish.
We had a large Spanish speaking population in our territory and in the surrounding territories.
And there was no group or congregation to help them.
When we would go out of the country to preach, we would often stay with family members of our Bible students,
our brothers and sisters in these countries, and some very humble surroundings.
And we took advantage of the hospitality that they offered us because we wanted to live the culture with them.
It just opened our eyes to a world that we never knew existed.
Our family was able to progress and flourish spiritually because of a concentrated effort with John and I.
We've been there to fill in all of the cracks.
He always made it so easy to love him, to love the children, and to really focus on spiritual things.
When we prayed to Jehovah thinking about our family being able to serve him like this, we just say thank you.
We just try in some way to express how deeply we feel about this privilege that we have to be with Carson and Cherstee and Andrea Dimo.
We don't deserve any of these blessings from Jehovah, but somehow he's blessed our efforts and he's given us an opportunity to smile and reflect on all of the things that he's done for us.
And what can we do to repage Jehovah but just keep going, keep trying, and keep moving forward until we're on the other side.